Atlas Edit Proposal — 2026-06-08 (#255)
makerdao/next-gen-atlas: content/A/1/10/2/7/4/document.md

---
id: 252e0d85-55ca-4fb5-8f44-a38b6ac65e81
docNo: A.1.10.2.7.4
name: Report Review And Acceptance
type: Core
depth: 6
childType: sections_and_primary_docs
---

###### A.1.10.2.7.4 - Report Review And Acceptance [Core]

Upon delivery of the interim audit report, the team responsible for the audited code reviews the report and confirms that the audited scope and commit hash match the audit request. The audited artifact must not proceed to deployment, Spell inclusion, or governance vote until the team has accepted the report.

> An audit is considered complete when the final audit report is published at the independently verifiable hosting location specified in [A.1.10.2.7.3 - Audit Execution And Report Delivery](31544b57-28e8-4cee-b4ae-f73c2cacabad).

Reviewer: Content analysis of amendments regarding logical consistency, systemic loopholes, and linguistics: [Notion](https://sky-proposal-analysis.notion.site/Atlas-Edit-Weekly-Cycle-Proposal-2026-06-15-37ea66bbb6b8802281e5cfa68ee5a1a8).

```suggestion
An audit is considered complete once the final report receives a cryptographic sign-off from the auditor and is subsequently published at the location specified in [A.1.10.2.7.3 - Audit Execution And Report Delivery](31544b57-28e8-4cee-b4ae-f73c2cacabad).
```
